OPSEXP-2410 Add instruction to install with helm older version of ACS on main helm readme (#1248)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: docs/helm/README.md

requirements by fine tuning the [resource requests](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes)
available in the [values](https://github.com/Alfresco/acs-deployment/blob/master/helm/alfresco-content-services/values.yaml) for each component.

> To install older versions get the specific values from [this folder](https://github.com/Alfresco/acs-deployment/tree/master/helm/alfresco-content-services).

Reviewer: consider adding an heading so it's more easily searchable and could also be linked from the detailed guides.

just an idea but ideally all the detailed deployment guides we have should at the end link at this document for the general information around helm

Each of files have image tags which override default ones to the specific
version. Deploying the specific version of ACS can be achieved by executing the
following:

   ```bash
   helm install acs alfresco/alfresco-content-services \
     --values MAJOR.MINOR.N_values.yaml \

>      --values local-dev_values.yaml \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this one should be specific to desktop deployment

* [Use a custom metadata keystore](https://alfresco.github.io/alfresco-helm-charts/charts/alfresco-repository/docs/keystores.html)
* [Install ACS license as part of the deployment](https://alfresco.github.io/alfresco-helm-charts/charts/alfresco-repository/docs/enterprise-license.html)

### Previous versions

> To install older versions get the specific values from [this folder](https://github.com/Alfresco/acs-deployment/tree/master/helm/alfresco-content-services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install older versions of Alfresco, download the relevant values file from [this folder](https://github.com/Alfresco/acs-deployment/tree/master/helm/alfresco-content-services).
```

> Each of files have image tags which override default ones to the specific
> version. Deploying the specific version of ACS can be achieved by executing the
> following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each file includes image tags that override the default tags, allowing you to deploy a specified ACS version. To deploy a particular ACS version, pass such file as an additional argument to the install command like the following:
```
